_garden/notes/Colophon.md, before:

---
title: "Colophon"
excerpt: "Some notes on this website and how and why I maintain it."
date: "2019-07-04"
tags:
  - site
  - design
  - internet 
---
### Why this site exists
zinzy.website is my personal site. A quiet corner of the Internet where I come to think aloud. One may wonder, if I'm not selling anything or promoting myself, why this site needs to be here at all. Personal sites remind me of the days when sharing things online was not about branding and rather an exploratory kind of goofing off.

This space has been around since 2004, in a variety of shapes and under a lot of different names. It has been a blog, a photo blog, a portfolio, a directory, and a one-pager. Its first name was doyoulikemytightsweater.com. At present, it is a collection of loosely-related notes, maintained in public. 

### Principles
When it comes to publishing things online, I enjoy the idea of owning my data, making my own things, and learning while doing so. I appreciate concepts such as the IndieWeb and slow web. I like to think the Internet deserves to be liberated from our tendencies to turn things into a monolith. My aim with this space is to grow it incrementally and retroactively. I hope to have it be part of the long web.

### Setup
- I build this site using Gatsby, with which I'm familiar enough to be able to use it, and unfamiliar enough that it makes me slightly uncomfortable. Before this, I used Jekyll for years.
- bHosted has been my webhost since 2005.
- The code for this website is stored on Github.
- This website is hosted on Netlify

### Tracking
This website doesn't track those who visit it. I have no idea if you're reading this. Enjoy.

### To do
- ~~Update site automatically with content from Obsidian~~
- [ ] Dropbox integration
- [x] Dark mode (2022-04-09)
- [ ] Note list sorted descending by updated date
- [ ] Search
- [ ] Refactor code
- [x] Update and creation dates
- [x] Mobile typography (2022-04-05)
- [x] Mobile-friendly bottom menu with webring (2022-04-06)
- [x] Changelog with Indieweb post types (2022-04-10)
  - [x] Replies
  - [x] Bookmarks
- [x] Open external link in new tab with normal Markdown syntax (2022-04-16)
- [ ] Last.fm feed
- [ ] Optional table of content
- [ ] Then archive with appropriate routing
- [ ] Tippy URL tooltips
- [ ] Tippy note preview 
- [ ] ~~Webmentions~~
- [x] Weeknotes
- [x] Filter home note out of linked references (2022-04-09)
- [ ] Make backlinks to now page link to correct version
- [x] Library (2022-04-08)
- [x] Antilibrary (2022-04-10)
- [ ] Upgrade to Gatsby 4 and fix plugins
- [ ] Make slugs case-insensitive
- [x] Fix display of bidirectional links (2022-04-09)
- [ ] Figure out why page flashes on load
- [ ] Remove unnecessary Javascript
- [ ] Minimize project size
- [ ] Show updated date as relative to actual time and not build time
- [ ] Stop retaining scroll position
- [x] Indiewebify
- [ ] Micropub
- [x] Inbound references (2022-04-09)
- [x] Responsive masonry for notes
- [ ] Detail slider for changelog
- [ ] Extended spacing utilities

Commit message:

Removed library filters from smaller viewports

_garden/notes/Colophon.md, after:

---
title: "Colophon"
excerpt: "Some notes on this website and how and why I maintain it."
date: "2019-07-04"
tags:
  - site
  - design
  - internet 
---
### Why this site exists
zinzy.website is my personal site. A quiet corner of the Internet where I come to link and think. One may wonder, if I'm not selling anything or promoting myself, why this site needs to be here at all. Personal sites remind me of the days when sharing things online was an exploratory kind of goofing off, not personal branding or highlight reels.

This space has been around since 2004, in a variety of shapes and under a lot of different names. It has been a blog, a photo blog, a portfolio, a directory, and a one-pager. Its first name was doyoulikemytightsweater.com. At present, it is a collection of loosely-related notes, maintained in public. 

### Principles
When it comes to publishing things online, I enjoy the idea of owning my data, making my own things, and learning while doing so. I appreciate concepts such as the IndieWeb and slow web. I like to think the Internet deserves to be liberated from our tendencies to turn things into a monolith. My aim with this space is to grow it incrementally and retroactively. I hope to have it be part of the long web.

### Setup
- I build this site using Gatsby, with which I'm familiar enough to be able to use it, and unfamiliar enough that it makes me slightly uncomfortable. Before this, I used Jekyll for years.
- bHosted has been my webhost since 2005.
- The code for this website is stored on Github.
- This website is hosted on Netlify

### Tracking
This website doesn't track those who visit it. I have no idea if you're reading this. Enjoy.

### To do
- ~~Update site automatically with content from Obsidian~~
- [ ] Dropbox integration
- [x] Dark mode (2022-04-09)
- [ ] Note list sorted descending by updated date
- [ ] Search
- [ ] Refactor code
- [x] Update and creation dates
- [x] Mobile typography (2022-04-05)
- [x] Mobile-friendly bottom menu with webring (2022-04-06)
- [x] Changelog with Indieweb post types (2022-04-10)
  - [x] Replies
  - [x] Bookmarks
- [x] Open external link in new tab with normal Markdown syntax (2022-04-16)
- [ ] Last.fm feed
- [ ] Optional table of content
- [ ] Then archive with appropriate routing
- [ ] Tippy URL tooltips
- [ ] Tippy note preview 
- [ ] ~~Webmentions~~
- [x] Weeknotes
- [x] Filter home note out of linked references (2022-04-09)
- [ ] Make backlinks to now page link to correct version
- [x] Library (2022-04-08)
- [x] Library categories (2022-04-17)
- [x] Antilibrary (2022-04-10)
- [ ] Upgrade to Gatsby 4 and fix plugins
- [ ] Make slugs case-insensitive
- [x] Fix display of bidirectional links (2022-04-09)
- [ ] Figure out why page flashes on load
- [ ] Remove unnecessary Javascript
- [ ] Minimize project size
- [ ] Show updated date as relative to actual time and not build time
- [ ] Stop retaining scroll position
- [x] Indiewebify
- [ ] Micropub
- [x] Inbound references (2022-04-09)
- [x] Responsive masonry for notes
- [ ] Detail slider for changelog
- [ ] Extended spacing utilities
