---
title: "Now: new job and old tropes"
slug: "2020-11-28"
date: 2020-11-28
tags:
  - now
excerpt: "The things that are keeping my busy"
---
## At work
After a very hot Summer of video interviews (without pants)[^1] I'm pleased to say I just completed my first week at Leeruniek. It's a scale-up in edtech, and I've joined their Product team to help make the team better embrace design thinking. They do a great job of making me feel welcome. I'm pleased.

## Listening
Stuck in my head for a while now has been [Ben Platt and Sara Bareilles singing "Bad Idea"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl8TjLH752Q&ab_channel=LittleMoreLela) in her car. I'm not a terrible fan of the musical genre, but I do have a crush on Ben Platt's voice. In addition, I apparently loved Adrianne Lenker's "[Anything](https://youtu.be/og6mVQ5c5M0)" so much I saved it to my discovery playlist twice. There is a limit to how long I can listen to music this dreary, but I have yet to determine it.

## Learning
Lately, I haven't been applying myself to picking up any new skill or interest outside of my new job, but it's only because I'm so busy watching YouTube interviews with conspiracy theorists. I've long had an interest in what the world looks like for people whose fundamental understanding of it is so different from mine. What makes this wave of conspiracy theories so fascinating to me is that I get to see develop, in real time, a narrative that interweaves new ideas of terror (Covid as a bio weapon) with classic racist tropes. I've been witnessing, with some bewilderment, how people repeat antisemitic canards as if they really were invented on some blog, yesterday. I'm equal parts curious and terrified about how this will unfold.

[^1]: I am not ashamed.
